Improve docs: Running integration tests (#7396)
gardener/gardener: docs/development/testing.md

make test-integration
```

> If you want to run a specific set of integration tests, you can also execute them using `./hack/test-integration.sh` directly instead of using the `test-integration` rule. Prior to execution the `PATH` environment variable needs to be set to also included the `/hack/tools/bin` directory. For example:
> 
> ```bash
> export PATH=$PATH:$(pwd)/hack/tools/bin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run a specific set of integration tests, you can also execute them using `./hack/test-integration.sh` directly instead of using the `test-integration` rule. Prior to execution, the `PATH` environment variable needs to be set to also included the tools binary directory. For example:

```bash
export PATH="$PATH:$PWD/hack/tools/bin"
```
